Output:
-------

Starting new simulation on ÁÅ´ 27. 10 2020 at 02:28:15:070

creating netlist... done.
project location: 
modules to load: 0
factorycreate.size() is 0
factorycreate has registered:
parsing netlist...
checking netlist...
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
netlist content
      3 IProbe instances
      6 BJT instances
      1 DC instances
     13 R instances
      1 SW instances
      3 Vdc instances
creating netlist...
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

checker notice, variable `V_IN.V' in equation `G' not yet defined
checker notice, variable `V_OUT.V' in equation `G' not yet defined

Simulation ended on ÁÅ´ 27. 10 2020 at 02:28:19:095
Ready.




Errors:
-------


